alright guys half-cab 123 here from
half-cab 123 calm I just want to talk a
little bit today about the samsung droid
charge it is definitely a phone that I
think did not get by the way today from
developers and just you know reviews in
general it's it's quite amazing I just
kind of wanted to go over just a few
things about the phone 8 megapixel rear
facing camera obviously 4G LTE phone 4.3
inch super amoled plus screen for just
an absolutely superb display as you can
see i am in a 4g area we just got 4g
here about two weeks ago and so yeah I
wanted to kind of also go over this
although this looks like a true
gingerbread realm this is actually a
touch with rum I just have a launch
around a wallpaper over it but one of
the things I really like about Samsung
is how intuitive and in how you know how
and how intuitive their OS is or how
intuitive touch wiz is and how you know
all of your expectations are just
automatically met right off the bat with
the with the operating system first
thing one thing that I truly love about
the about touch was camera that I have
not found any other camera is when
you're recording video let's say I hit
the record button and then I record a
little something and then maybe I want
to cut the video but maintain the same
contiguous file I going to hit pause
simply and it does not stop recording I
mean what stops recording but it does
not switch to a new file so it it
contiguously records my next my tap
record over here that you know it will
record to the same file such that that
video file will be a contiguous shot of
those two shots which is really great if
you don't you know for YouTube videos
and for anything really even making home
videos it makes it much easier to watch
you know
something that's contiguous like that
versus a long drawn-out you know in you
know no action etc us you know it's very
boring when you can't do that so that's
the one thing the Samsung I think really
implemented it that was great a course
samsung also has the panoramic video
shots that's built into the camera which
is also great what you need apps for
other phones another thing is in the
phone app you can type somebody's number
in and then just hit text messages to
text them whereas on other phones you
actually need to have a contact first
and typically i think in HTC you can
type the number of the hit menu and then
text but you know it's just just nice
you know it's very into it if i you know
coming from a flip phone or something
you're used to be able to type in a
number then texting while you know you
find the same intuitive process here on
the smartphone another thing is let's
see also if you don't know somebody's
phone number you can just start typing
in their name you know letter by letter
and then bam you know that the phone
number comes up so that's a that's a
really nice feature as well so yeah
definitely definitely a great fun it's
been excellent on battery life i'm not
sure whether or not thats due to the
custom rom it actually launched on to
point to point one which is what i got
it on but i actually flashed over to two
point three point five so it is rooted
wireless tether works excellently and i
haven't had any problems at all
definitely want to give a shout out to
whoever did this wrong let me see if i
can get without phone and don't have any
information here i have it on my
computer somewhere but all you guys on
XDA you know thanks for all your hard
work and just definitely pays off here i
have found no issues in this rom at all
so i find out what that is i'll put in
the description if not you know there's
plenty of them there on XDA but all in
all guys definitely a looked over phone
i mean i know it definitely got good
reviews but i really didn't realize how
good of a phone it wasn't
until I got in my hands it's really
reminiscent of the vibrant I don't
particularly like the the build as far
as the the physical buttons and the
point the point at the bottom that's not
necessarily my favorite I do not like
the charger port position and I do not
like the audio port position I think
that both of those belong on the bottom
you know especially when you are using
it in a car things like that that's
that's just my personal opinion though
and i won't i won't dock it for that
obviously I mean my personal review
because just you know some people may
not care but if you're putting it in a
GPS cradle and and you know that that
can be a little bit of an issue
especially if your oxen into your head
unit for music it's it's unit cables are
kind of an awkward awkward places but so
yeah you know all in all I give this
phone a very high score I mean it's just
it's just absolutely great I mean my
first phone was a vibrant back in June
2010 and I'd say this is right up there
with the vibrant i mean the build
quality is actually better it's more
solid of the phone it's so big you know
the 4.3 inch screen but yet it's so
light i mean it's actually my girlfriend
has got the iphone 4s and it's actually
lighter than that which I at which I
find you know pretty pretty incredible I
think it has to do with the fact that
Samsung uses a minimal amount of metals
in their in their build probably to save
money i'm not sure why but it's
definitely a highly plastic phone which
a lot people have problems samsung build
quality and i really have no problem
with it at all I've never had a problem
with it with them breaking or anything
like that so you know I think I think
it's I'd rather have the lightness
factor than the you know than the heavy
brick feel like something like a
thunderbolt or things like that so you
know definitely a nice phone wasn't
particularly happy with the developer
port availability you know couldn't see
a signage and mod on there that was
stable etc but you know that was typical
samsung phone
except for the Nexus says but I'm
actually trading this in or taking it
back here in a couple days going to get
a flip phone or droid x or something for
a little bit in November 10th the 2011
we're going to see the Galaxy Nexus drop
and i'm going to have one and i'm going
to go ahead and review that on the on
the proton release date so check back
here for more videos also check out our
website half-cab 123 calm for lots of
forum goodies and also routing services
if he need your phone rooted we do
routing and overclocking custom roms etc
all remotely anywhere in the world so go
ahead and go ahead and take it take a
look at half Calum t3.com you know and
will definitely help you out we got live
chat representatives on the website
waiting for you for your questions and
we're always there guys so all right
take care